welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to keep things simple
prequel style with tremors 4 the legend
begins
if your ancestry is easily traced due to
your family members carrying an exact
resemblance to you subscribe to the
channel for an evaluation of your family
branch
let's get to it we open in rejection
nevada
in 1889 and find the dusty sweltering
hellhole we've come to know was once a
bustling dusty sweltering hellhole of a
mining town
we learned quickly how it went tits up
when juan chit-chatting with his
co-workers
soon finds himself utterly alone with
nothing to comfort him but the foul
stench that accompanies the graboids
with the mind deemed unsafe most of the
workers and townsfolk abandoned their
property to seek their fortune elsewhere
as those who remain fret about their
financial future
a telegram comes in indicating the
mind's owner hiram gummer plans on
visiting to see about this sudden drop
in productivity the stagecoach soon
arrives and they gather around to gawk
at his opulence
finding their upper class master to be
just eccentric enough to provide for a
dramatic reveal
when he gets the report he's surprised
to find the mind completely abandoned
and he insists on conferring with juan
padilla
the one living witness to find out what
up before that he settles into
christine's hotel where we get some
clues about where the gummers developed
their pension
for redheads and firearms he then gets
the lowdown from juan
many men have entered no men leave but
he didn't actually see how
any of the deaths happened hiram has no
patience for this so he insists on a
direct and personal investigation the
next day they visit the mine with some
hired help
inside they find some human remnants and
juan's old hat which is now adorned with
a free meat flap
but no indication of any current danger
because of this
gummer proudly declares the site safe
for other people to work at but that
night around the campfire
zoggy disappears violently sending his
squeeze box
through the air brick goes to look for
him and ends up showering the camp in
viscera
juan and hiram jump up on a nearby rock
and witness the culprits to be massive
bugs that
vibrate and spring forth from the
underground just like your mom
they quickly realize that sound is the
culprit and endeavor to walk back to
town via the rocky foothills
they make it back and hiram insists on
sending out a request for a hired gun to
help them with their problem
over the course of the intervening month
we learned that his father invested the
entire estate into the silver mine
so despite appearances gummer is broke
save for the mine and then one night a
storm rolls in bringing their gunfighter
with it he demonstrates his skill on an
innocent salami and they're all
impressed even though salamis
don't shoot back as they go out hunting
they find evidence of aged desiccated
eggs
incubated by a nearby hot spring waste
pipe as well as indication the beasts
have been shedding their scales
and taking on a new horrific form just
like your mom and they eventually arrive
at their first evidence of the danger
these things pose as they find
old fred's wagon hewn along with old
fred's head
which they bury in a shallow grave they
decide to camp out at the old mill
presuming the strong floor beams to be
sufficient protection but rather than
coming through the floors we see some
familiar friends exploring the slumber
party horizontally
and as hiram starts picking up some
tools of the gun trade the graboids
solved the problem of getting at their
dinner by
systematically removing the floor joists
they send out a gibberish message in the
hope their friends will locate them and
sure enough
foo yin is able to determine that the
signal is originating from the old mill
juan then gets a free mustache ride from
a giant graboid giving them the first
indication of what they're dealing with
given this kelly recommends they just
stand their ground and hope for a lucky
shot
but when the time comes he just gets
eaten luckily christine arrives just in
time
and despite being aggressively pursued
they managed to get back to town where
the foothills keep them protected
for now at this point gummer abandons
the town and recommends they leave as
well
they decline sending him off on his own
when he eventually books his train ride
back to the east coast he's disturbed to
find the telegraph operator chuckling
about the strange messages coming out of
rejection about giant worms penetrating
the foothills and whatnot
we see this new development is enough to
prompt the holdouts to pack up their
stuff
but they see a trail of dust heading up
from the south soon mr gummer comes into
view like a southern santa claus
handing out large-bore firearms and
encouraging everyone to stand their
ground
the next day they prepare their
fortifications in line weight
eventually they get a little play on the
alarms so hyrum gets set up and puts a
pound of lead shots straight through
this graboid's gullet and out the back
of his head
but since they're smart the next one
grabs the gun and sucks it underground
then dakopa does some quick thinking and
sticks a two-man saw into a post hole
and starts
wanging on it causing the graboid to go
full speed and split itself in half
which is pretty cool they have a whisper
conference about what to do about the
final one but before they're ready the
telegraph machine starts going off
they try to distract it resulting in
christine getting [ __ ] slapped by a
snake
while hiram hooks it up to a belt
attached to their locomotive which slams
it hard enough to pop it open
spewing out its insides now they can
reopen the mine but swear themselves to
secrecy to ensure the town's prosperity
into the future and they spend their
newfound wealth and leisure time engaged
in hobbies of extravagance
just a reminder that i've started a
website where you can make donations to
support the channel
any donation gets you access to a
10-minute review of toby hooper's life
force
and i also have merchandise available i
tried to put together a few things that
might be attractive to any fan of horror
rather than just strictly logo merch so
check it out also i wanted to give a
huge thank you to e wayne
[Music]
for your generous donation tremors 4 was
a satisfying return to form for the
series with the return of practical
effects
and a heavy focus on our big stinky
friends honestly you don't need more
than that
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become part of the channel by
subscribing
thanks for watching